hellome.studio

HelloMe is a Berlin based design and advertising firm. 

After a slight leaning curve, the navigation system the website uses is straightforward effective, and minimal, acting as both a static navigation bar, while also dynamically changing to reveal information as you hover over other elements. This is a good metaphor for the general theme of the site; making use of mostly static elements, but creating a dynamic experience. Perhaps the best example of this (at the time of writing) is the image of what appears to be a crumpled receipt on the home page. When clicked, you are redirected to another page which shows the receipt opened up, revealing that it is in fact a promotional scarf for sale by the studio. The site beautifully makes use of simple elements and typography, while combining them in a way which gives the overall experience a dynamic, luxurious feel.


chalovak.tv

chalovak.tv is the personal portfolio of Anton Chalovak.

Arriving on the landing page, the site informs you a smartphone is required to navigate the site. This is at first, for lack of a better word, annoying. After confirming your phone is in-hand, you are prompted to either navigate to the website on your phone and enter the code which is now displayed displayed, or scan a QR code. I repeat the sentiment above. However, after scanning the code the experience of the site becomes... uncanny. You are presented with a 1980's style CRT television, atop a counter next to a plant. 

It is unclear if the scene is a photograph, a 3d model or a combination of the two. The TV is playing one of Chalovak's advertising campaigns, and your smartphone has become the remote control. You can switch between his various spots, by changing the channel, and view descriptions of his work by pressing the guide button. In small text on one side of the TV it warns you to never press a certain combination of numbers on the remote (which of course you immediately do), and the screen becomes a classic rendition of Snake, which may be controlled using the numbers on the remote. 

While the interface is not always immediately responsive, and the video on the TV can be glitchy at times, the over all experience is all at once nostalgic, futuristic, and extremely engaging. While one could assume such an elaborate system would distract from the content of Chalovak's portfolio, the effect is actually the inverse; the focus is entirely on the TV and it's content, encouraging you to watch his spots for much longer than expected. 

square.geex-arts.com

Square is an amalgamation of behance content from web designers.

To be completely honest, I'm not sure if I like this website, or hate it. Frankly, it doesn't give you enough breathing room to be able to decide, but that is a feat worth acknowledging all the same. From the moment you enter the website, the barrage of light sound and movement is unrelenting. 

Essentially, you are in a landscape made from sparsely arranged floating thumbnails of designers work. The word "SQUARE" floats in gigantic point size in the middle of the screen, and tips nauseatingly too and fro and you move the cursor around attempting to navigate. when your cursor approaches the edge of the window, the landscape moves accordingly. Every motion, click, scroll, sets into effect some new sequence of movement, colour, and sound. There is loud electro-pop playing the whole time. Though I spent probably 20 minutes "exploring" square, I'm still not totally sure what I've seen. bizarre 
